====
    Copyright (C) 2014 Microsoft Corporation

    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at

            http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
====

Third Party Notices

Not Translate or Localize

This file is based on or incorporates material from the projects
listed below (collectively, "Third Party Code"). Microsoft is not the
original author of the Third Party Code. The original copyright notice
and the license, under which Microsoft received such Third Party Code,
are set forth below. Such licenses and notices are provided for
informational purposes only. Microsoft, not the third party, licenses
the Third Party Code to you under the terms set forth in the EULA for
the Microsoft Product. Microsoft reserves all rights not expressly
granted under this agreement, whether by implication, estoppel or
otherwise.
 
Provided for Informational Purposes Only

----------LICENSE BEGINS HERE----------------- 

Apache Hadoop

The Apache Jarkarta Project

Copyright (c) The Apache Software Foundation

Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one or more
contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file distributed with
this work for additional information regarding copyright ownership.
The ASF licenses this file to you under the Apache License, Version
2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at
http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License

--------LICENSE ENDS HERE-------

-------LICENSE BEGINS HERE-----

Coda hale-metrics

Copyright (c) 2010-2013 Coda Hale

Apache Software License 2.0

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you
may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at

  http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied. See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.

--------LICENSE ENDS HERE-------

-------LICENSE BEGINS HERE------
D3.js

D2 Sankey Plugin

Copyright (c) 2013, Michael Bostock

All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

* Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

* Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
  notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
  documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

* The name Michael Bostock may not be used to endorse or promote
  products derived from this software without specific prior written
  permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL MICHAEL BOSTOCK
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY,
WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN
IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

-------LICENSE ENDS HERE-------
